DONE - Validate data in Create Constituent Page before the Join button is enabled.
DONE - Add a confirmation input for the password.

DONE - Display bubbles by selected issue by state.

DONE - Separate panel for editing interests?
DONE - Allow user to remove interest.
DONE - Allow user to show interests by existing issues.

DONE - Allow user to change password
DONE - Allow user to change name, address
DONE - Allow user to see petitions associated with an issue
DONE - Allow user to create a petition
DONE - Allow user to delete a petition
DONE - Allow user to modify the description of a petition
DONE - Allow users to delete only petitions that they created

Not needed - Allow user to specify reason for petition
DONE - Allow user to associate petition with an issue
DONE - Allow user to support or oppose petition
DONE - Allow user to specify reason for support or opposition

DONE - Beautiful layout for home page
DONE - Beautiful layout for sign in page.
DONE - Beautiful layout for user creation page
DONE - Beautiful layout for change name, address page
DONE - Beautiful layout for reset password page

DONE - Test layout for mobile devices

DONE 2 - Implement Remember Me checkbox on sign-in page.
DONE 2 - Fix navbar on Edit Interests page. Home on left 
DONE 2 - Remove Link on navbar banner on home page.
DONE 2 - Confirm deletion of actions and arguments in the UI.

DONE 2 - Allow user to reset forgotten password

DONE 2 - Ratings for an argument.
			Central - Primary Consideration
			Peripheral - Secondary Consideration
			Irrelevant
			Opinion
			Misleading
			False

DONE 2 - Create new arguments on a separate web page.

DONE 2 - On home page, put your interests in a striped, condensed table.
DONE 2 - On home page, Add the number of new actions for each issue as a badge.
DONE 2 - On home page, Give a message if the user hasn't signed in to encourage this action.
DONE 2 - On home page, Add a separator between the map and the info above on the index page.
DONE 2 - On issue page, put the actions in a striped, condensed table.
DONE 2 - On issue page, Add "Support" or "Oppose" for each action where you have voted.
DONE 2 - On issue page, Add "Vote Now" for each action where you haven't voted.

DONE 2 - On the Create an Action page, add a Cancel button.
DONE 2 - On the Create an Action page, Have the Done button do nothing if the description is blank. 

DONE 2 - Display a set of news items on the home page, consisting of petitions on which you can vote.
DONE 2 - On issue page, remove the Delete button for each action
DONE 2 - On action page, add a Delete button

DONE 2 - Click member of Congress goes to their web page
DONE 2 - Prevent deletion of the last issue related to a petition.

DONE 2 - On edit interests page, make the format of existing interests the same as on the home page.
DONE 2 - Add tip information describing the ratings

DONE 2 - Add tip information for creating a new action.
DONE 2 - Add tip information for creating a new argument.

DONE 2 - Add a terms of use page to the account creation and account settings page.
	Public Forum
	Phone numbers and addresses are private
	Passwords are not stored
	
DONE 2 - Fix bug so that password checkmarks appear outside of text boxes.

DONE 2 - Add Give Congress a Dose of Democracy data to the account creation and account settings page
	daily, weekly, not at all
	via email, via text message
	
DONE 2 - Record times of votes

DONE 2 - Fix html injection for arguments
DONE 2 - Update UI with color and Navigation bars Fixed at the top.
DONE 2 - Add a message and link to create an account if not signed in.
DONE 2 - Improve performance and usability of the Edit Interests page.
DONE 2 - Implement https

DONE 2 - Move commands to navigation bars
DONE 2 - Support creating an action from the home page, setting the issue after.
DONE 2 - Add About page.
DONE 2 - Put the tabular data for the map in table format.

Move the Edit Interests button in the home page to a navigation bar, or just remove it.

BUG: When removing a rating in the opposition panel, a checkbox appears.
Move Delete Action button to a navigation bar.
Move Add Related Issue button to the navigation bar.
Move Cancel and Update Account buttons to navigation bar.
Move Cancel and Change Password buttons to navigation bar.
Move buttons in Reset Password dialog box to navigation bar.
Tips on the create Action page expand to past the right side of the window on a phone.
Add Browse capability for votes by issue and all my votes.

Have a set of links associated with an action.
Have a set of news items associated with an action.
Have a set of representative comments associated with an action. (with ratings like arguments)
Add a deadline time for actions
Collect age and gender by user

Add Catcha to creating a user
Log out user after a period of inactivity.

Allow user to register intensity with issue
Allow user to specify intensity for petition

Display intensity in a map as a set of concentric circles.
Intensity levels - 
1st priority - You think that legislators should prioritize this issue over all 
	others, even to the point of disrupting the function of the legislature
Defining priority - You vote based on how legislators act on this issue
Important priority - You think this issue deserves attention
Feels good - You feel good that people are involved in this issue
Don't care - You don't care if or how this issue is addressed
Not worth it - You think this issue is not worth addressing
Misplaced priority - You think this issue should not be addressed

Allow sign-in as member of Congress
Allow member of Congress to post an event
Display events for your member of congress
Add an option to receive notifications of events of MC by interest
Send email of events of MC.